after a longer break it is time for a
bug report video again this time we
speak about the apc's or ifes
respectively recently I've been using
the APCs and ate and ate competitive but
also on pups of course and we had to
select some bugs that we wanted to show
off as you can see this is quite a long
video again so some of the not so urgent
stuff has just been cut out first thing
you see here is the Russian BTR and its
crosshair which as you can see is off
centered to the left we're using the APF
SD shots here that have no spread and
therefore our idea for showing this and
you can see the project heads landing to
the left of the center of the croiseur
this mal position of the process
obviously affects all the other weapon
systems as well we show that here in
fast-forward mode with mg's tow missiles
and so on
next up is the American at AP 25 and
obviously the crosshair positioning here
is a lot better but it is still not
flawless which also applies to the
Chinese that BD and why the days we are
going to show in the following when
you're using zoom optics with the
American or the Chinese a PC you'll find
that that gives you a pretty
inconsistent display of the bullet
trajectory if you look closely you can
see that the bullets are leaving the
barrel and are going towards the right
side of the crosshair but if you zoom
into the shots that have already been
fired it seems as if the bullets were
hitting the left side of the crosshair
so if you just empty your entire mag and
simply zoom in and zoom out on the
bullets that have already been fired you
can clearly see what is happening here
when using zoom optics what I would
simply like to see is a crosshair that
works on all three ve goods and that
gives you a precise indicator of where
your bullets are going to hit at long
range as I'm sure all of you can
remember when be4 came out it was
possible to have 2s roars in the air at
the same time and hit target at the same
time and also used to eat glass or two
javelins at the same time all those
quote-unquote features have already been
removed but one thing that has been
overlooked obviously is that that still
works with tow missiles although
admittedly there is not a very broad
spectrum for that in the game itself and
you won't get hit by two Thomas it's all
the time but we just wanted to note that
because it has been removed on all the
other weapons the next bug is my
personal favorite believe it or not when
using the main guns on a pcs you are not
going to get a headshot multiplicative
as you can see here I'm shooting God
hold in the upper body using the AP
ammunition and he takes 80 damage he's
now putting down a med kit for himself
to heal up and if I shoot him in the
head using the same ammunition obviously
he will take 80 damage so the usual
headshot multiplier of two does not
apply here
interestingly this is the other way if
you are switching to the second seat and
are using the machine gun on the APC
here you will get your headshot
multiplier
and for the sake of completeness we are
showing that here using the heme inition
here you will get 70 damage no matter if
you have the upper body or the head
except analysis the canister shell or
it's pretty weird damage model that it
has at the current state of benefit for
while light armored vehicles such as
jeeps em reps and quad bikes are
literally getting eaten up by canister
shells and destroyed in no time there
are some discrepancies when it comes to
the damage that is being dealt two
helicopters for example this is although
they in theory at least should also be
counted towards the light armored
category while there is hardly any
damage being dealt two helicopters using
the AP or the ehem you Nisshin the
damage model when using canister shell
against helicopters is pretty much the
same this makes a canister share pretty
much useless at least when playing with
the mall a serious approach and without
that this is actually intended behavior
the last point on our list is the
autoloader perk end we made a video
about that a few months ago and what we
said back then actually still applies
the autoloader perk does not function
properly or does not function in a way
as its described at you can find a link
to this old video in the description
here and as a bonus here's a small
example of what can happen when you're
driving the apc's around on the
battlefield you sometimes get stuck in
the funniest positions or you get caught
on obstacles that really shouldn't be an
obstacle for your vehicle considering it
weighs a few tons and here you can see
my teammates by the way to seven tonight
on eight competitive match trying to ram
me and free my vehicle using a G but in
the end even the Jeep gets stuck on my
APC and we're finally unable to free the
APC and get going again here the driving
physics could use some serious revision
as always thanks for watching if you
know some more bugs concerning the APCs
then please use the comment function
here I'm always interested in that
furthermore we are linking to our latest
book report video and to god holds
latest montage in case you haven't seen
it project down low